yo what up guys stz sub the camer NBA
2k14
the creation of the brown mamba my
career right here I know a lot of you
guys wanted to see some my career
gameplay how it is how it works and
that's exactly what we're going to be
doing today and of course for the rest
of the year next year and for god knows
how long right so we're creating the
brown Mamba right now right and this is
the yearly tradition that we started
last year 2k13 was the first year we
created the brown Mamba a MyCareer
player and you know he had some crazy
moments and right now we're just trying
to repeat those moments have better
moments and actually finish a season
that's the goal for this year for 2k 14
we are definitely and I mean definitely
you know finishing the season off at the
Brahma of the 'next gen' Karen Jen I
don't know I don't know how it's gonna
work if it's transferable or not but
we'll see what happens but yeah so it's
just simple you know a simple creation
almost the same as last I think my
goatee got a little bit bigger so you
don't underst you know I'm implementing
stuff like that so got that line up on
the side you know got the buzz all the
way black hair you know my eyes are
actually light brown but I don't think
they have that I think Hazel's a little
bit too much but yeah this is a pretty
nice and long video where you can just
talk now really excited just to give you
guys some of my thoughts on 2k 14 and
all that good stuff so first and
foremost I want to thank all of you guys
for the tremendous support that I've
been getting and all the past videos
that we made from first getting NBA 2k14
amazing support to the next one where
you know upload a some gameplay then
some you know my career stuff with a
closet and my team and the next gen
trailer and so on and so forth
thank you guys so much for all the
support that I've been getting for all
these videos we uploaded like seven or
eight videos today so much respected
that if you're watching this at a later
time
you know team STG we do work in here and
so now let's let's just start talking
about random stuff as you can see we're
just gonna name the Brahma but all this
stuff by the way there's two creations
as a creation as soon as you enter the
you know the game and that's basically
this you make your face and all that
good stuff you finish with your name and
then you go to the you know intro and
then you go to the home screen and then
if you want to finish creating your
player you go to the actual my career
menu on the loadout page and that's when
it takes you to this thing right here
you'll see in a second
basically the creation and that's when
you create his attributes you know
shooting guard small board point guard
center all that good stuff this is just
you know very very easy things and you
know common knowledge but for those who
have been played took a fourteen or 2k
game before that's basically how it is
because you look you got a think of it
like this this is a lot of people's
first 2k game so just because you know
everything doesn't mean other people who
won't know anything either and some
people probably won't so what I'm gonna
be doing is a lot of tutorials for you
guys so don't even worry if you're new
to this game watching this channel you
see everybody's all advanced know what's
going on don't even worry I will be
uploading a lot of tutorials if you're
watching this at a later date simply
just type in something a more NBA 2k14
tutorial and we good but anyways let's
just start talking about some random
stuff right now so NBA 2k14 man
current-gen liking it but oh my god when
I saw that trailer for the next-gen I
lost my mind
those graphics were simply insane and
incredible LeBron James looks so real
James Harden you can see the sweat in
this dude's face like in the legit look
like I was watching a real game with
graphics man I don't even know if that
makes sense
watching a live NBA game with graphics
like that's how sick it was I can't wait
to see more gameplay for this game
coming up very soon for the ps4 and the
Xbox one but back to the selection right
here you know the creation I am running
with the shooting guard just like last
year
and we're gonna be doing an athletic
shooting guard I really do like running
the to love down in that I shooting
threes love taking it to the rim it's
just a position that I love to be but
for NBA Live 14 still not sure what type
of position I'll be you know I'll make a
video later on you don't have to answer
in this video but I will be making a
video in the future just ask
you guys who and what should I make for
you know I'd be alive 14 but back to
this right here you know we're working
on this shot and one thing for sure let
me just tell you this right now I know a
lot of people are gonna be asking me yo
so what is your shot this is not gonna
be my official shot unless the works are
really nice I just had to think of
something random because I totally
forgot on my shop base and all that good
stuff was in 2k13
so yeah I'm gonna have to put you know
put up my 2k13 disc and go back to the
shot selection the shooting form all
that stuff just to you know remember the
reminisce about how my shooting form was
because I loved my shot and took a 13
man that shot was 2k13 wet it was
straight up that that on your face game
wears upon game-winner so yeah I'm gonna
make sure I changed my sock shot
selection and once I do I will let you
guys know in the upcoming my career
videos after this we do have the we have
the what's it called the rookies
showcase I haven't played the rookies
showcase yet but I have no choice but to
use this shot so if I like it you know
I'm gonna run with it but I can't wait
to do the rookie showcase I wonder what
team I want to be or draft pick I'm
gonna be I'm excited I'm Heights up you
know we try to go number one number two
I doesn't matter to me man I'm just
really excited for this year's season
then right now just working on our post
hooks and all that good stuff
just getting ready and Heights up for
NBA 2k14 next-gen you know I'm really
excited for the actual season that's
gonna be sick let's talk a little bit my
team my team right now you know haven't
played any my team after the video I did
but don't worry videos will be coming
soon if you're watching this at a later
day you probably already watched so many
of my my team videos I hope they're good
if you're watching this in the future I
hope my my team videos have done you
well like I said we are running with
team STG you know as our team name world
you know row 1 team if you're brand new
to this channel and watching this video
for the first time we are all one team I
support you guys you guys support me and
that's just how we do it we rep as one
team and don't even worry my friends the
FaceCam is gonna be coming back soon
oh man the face cams in 2k13 were sick
the finals I'm in the finals this year
face cam all the way you know how it's
gonna be but it's just such a long way
to go
although in the eighth and then we got
franchise mode tournament mode can't
wait to play my friends and then we got
crews still have yet to play that gonna
check out how that isn't all that good
stuff but this is just a basic
introduction to the my career more
videos coming out soon we did upload
like six seven videos today still about
three to four coming out later on today
and then tomorrow is the release for the
game and oh man a whole lot of these are
gonna be coming up then too and as you
can see for the height and weight we're
going six seven and we're gonna go about
225 to 220 ish in 2k 13 hours 205 so I
am gaining 20 pounds in this game right
oh I think I'm going to 39 to 20 years
we're getting about 15 more pounds just
wanna see a little bit stronger take
more contact all that good stuff my
friends but that is is that was a fail
there it it will take of my saying
that's it for the creation of the brown
mom before 2k 14 I hope you guys enjoy
thumbs up if you did get ready this is
just the beginning